sphinx>=1.4
ipykernel
nbsphinx>=0.4
nbclean
# packages in environment at /Users/danhudson/opt/miniconda3/envs/scanpy:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
adjusttext                0.7.3.1                    py_1    conda-forge
airr                      1.3.1              pyh3252c3a_0    bioconda
alabaster                 0.7.12                     py_0    conda-forge
anndata                   0.7.8            py39h6e9494a_1    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.2            py39h6e9494a_2    conda-forge
arpack                    3.7.0                hefb7bc6_2    conda-forge
babel                     2.9.1              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blosc                     1.21.0               he49afe7_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h0d85af4_6    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h0d85af4_6    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39h89e85a6_1003    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h0d85af4_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2021.10.8            h033912b_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
certifi                   2021.10.8        py39h6e9494a_1    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.0           py39he338e87_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.0.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
cryptography              36.0.1           py39h209aa08_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.81.0               hf45b732_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.5.1            py39h9fcab8e_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
docutils                  0.16             py39h6e9494a_3    conda-forge
dunamai                   1.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1003    conda-forge
expat                     2.4.2                he49afe7_0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.28.5           py39h89e85a6_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h4cff582_1    conda-forge
get_version               3.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hd1a6beb_1008    conda-forge
git                       2.34.1          pl5321h9a53687_0    conda-forge
glpk                      4.65              h0f52abe_1004    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h2e338ed_0    conda-forge
h5py                      3.6.0           nompi_py39hbc6cb89_100    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.12.1          nompi_h2f0ef1a_103    conda-forge
icu                       69.1                 he49afe7_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.1                pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
igraph                    0.9.5                ha5be149_0    conda-forge
imagesize                 1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.10.0           py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        4.10.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.6.1            py39h71a6800_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.31.0           py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
jbig                      2.1               h0d85af4_2003    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.1           py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   hbcb3906_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            7.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.9.1            py39h6e9494a_1    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.3.2            py39hf018cea_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.2               hcfbf3a7_3    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 h577c468_0    conda-forge
legacy-api-wrap           1.2                        py_0    conda-forge
leidenalg                 0.8.8            py39h9fcab8e_1    conda-forge
lerc                      3.0                  he49afe7_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           12_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h0d85af4_6    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h0d85af4_6    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h0d85af4_6    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           12_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.81.0               hf45b732_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    12.0.1               habf9029_1    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.8                  h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h0678c8f_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h0d85af4_5    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           9_3_0_h6c81a4c_23    conda-forge
libgfortran5              9.3.0               h6c81a4c_23    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 haf1e3a3_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           12_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm11                 11.1.0               hd011deb_2    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.43.0               h6f36284_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.18          openmp_h3351f45_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h7cec526_2    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               hbcb3906_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               h52ee1ee_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.3.0                hd146c10_2    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.1                h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.12               h7e28ab6_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.11            h9173be1_1013    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               12.0.1               hda6cdc1_1    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.37.0           py39h798a4f4_1    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                he49afe7_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.0.1            py39h89e85a6_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.5.1            py39hb07454d_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
metis                     5.1.0             h2e338ed_1006    conda-forge
mock                      4.0.3            py39h6e9494a_2    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.1.0                h0f52abe_1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
natsort                   8.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  h2e338ed_4    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
networkx                  2.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
numba                     0.54.1           py39h58500fb_0    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.8.0            py39h4d6be9b_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.20.3           py39h7eed0ac_1    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46               pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.4.0                h6e7aa92_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1l               h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.3.5            py39h4d6be9b_0    conda-forge
parasail-python           1.2.4            py39hdeec44c_1    bioconda
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.37                ha16e1b2_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          1_h0d85af4_perl5    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    8.4.0            py39he9bb72f_0    conda-forge
pip                       21.3.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.24             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.11.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pynndescent               0.5.5              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 21.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py39h6e9494a_4    conda-forge
pytables                  3.6.1            py39hfd850c7_5    conda-forge
python                    3.9.9           h1248fe1_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-igraph             0.9.9            py39h8c2f370_0    conda-forge
python-levenshtein        0.12.2           py39h89e85a6_1    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      2_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2021.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0              py39h89e85a6_3    conda-forge
pyzmq                     22.3.0           py39h7fec2f1_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  h05e3726_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.27.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scanpy                    1.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.0.2            py39hd4eea88_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.7.3            py39h056f1c0_0    conda-forge
scirpy                    0.10.1             pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
seaborn                   0.11.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.11.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                60.5.0           py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
sinfo                     0.3.1                      py_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
snowballstemmer           2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sphinx                    4.3.2              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-applehelp   1.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-devhelp     1.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp    2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-jsmath      1.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-qthelp      1.0.3                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml 1.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.37.0               h23a322b_0    conda-forge
squarify                  0.4.3                      py_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.13.1           py39hc89836e_0    conda-forge
stdlib-list               0.7.0                      py_2    conda-forge
suitesparse               5.10.1               h7aff33d_1    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.5.0             h940c156_0    conda-forge
texttable                 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.0.0              pyh8a188c0_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.11               h5dbffcc_1    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1              py39h89e85a6_2    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.62.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.0.1              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2021e                he74cb21_0    conda-forge
umap-learn                0.5.2            py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.8             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
weblogo                   3.7.8              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h0d85af4_2    conda-forge
yamlordereddictloader     0.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                he49afe7_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h9173be1_1013    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.1                h582d3a0_0    conda-forge
